[[The Redpanda Engine]] is a game engine with the focus of making it easy for developers to make high quality games that can be easily modded, have large multiplayer servers that download mods from the server once connected so players are not required to download and install mods themselves, and easily create support for ANY input or output device such as racing wheels, game pads, joy sticks, custom controllers, haptic vests, monitors, vr devices, speakers, actuators and even "adult haptics" ;). If you want to get right to development you can click the following link [[Engine]].

## [[Scripting Languages]]
The Redpanda Engine provides the user with 4 languages that they can use for scripting, with plans to bring more in the future or even allow users to add or embed there own languges. The Languages Provided in the base state of the engine are C#, Lua, Javascript, Native C++,and Java scripting.

## [[Modding]]
The Redpanda Engine provides developers and users a large amount of tools to modify games made in the engine and how they play. these modifications are applied at the runtime of the game enviroment and can be loaded and unloaded at any time during runtime. you can also "lock down" your game and disable modding. disabling modding locks down the engine compleatly removing the code for loading and enableing mods from the generated executable. this will not however, prevent people with such skills ar reverse engeneering from disecting your game or this engine and reinserting the code for modding or even designing their own way to modify your game.
## [[Servers and Networking]]
The Redpanda Engine provides developers many different networking tools including a dedicated server and client class for ease of setup when it comes to online multiplayer. in the future The Redpanda Engine will provide an option to "auto-magically" switch your game to a multiplayer format creating the server and client executables automaticaly and will automatically handle sending neccisary data over the network to the server for a seamless switch for developers who decide to switch to a multiplayer model late in development or for developers who just dont want to code their own network handler.
### Modding and Servers
The Redpanda Engine modding moduals and server/networking moduals work very closely with each other. If modding is enabled and Network Mod Transfer is enabled then upon connecting to a server the client application will request a list of mods from the server and the developer can then request that the server send over the files for the modifications so that they may be installed on the client. once the server and client both have all required moddifictions the server will then finish its initialization process and begin the normal data transaction.

#General